Codepen Assignment: https://codepen.io/Khaleel737/pen/wveRZKP?editors=1100

<!-- Questions to Submit in today's file first-lastname.txt --> 
<!--
Copy the questions below into the first-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    its the use of html markups to introduce symantics and meaning to the content or page.
    2. What is HTML used for? 
    html describes the structure of a page, element or content.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    attributes are special tags used to describe behaviors in elements.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    h1 tag is used for a title or titles of the page, they can be used multiple times within a page.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    img and src
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    the header tag.
    7. What is an id? 
    an id is a unique identifier used for linking scripting or styling within HTML.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    you can have 1 ID per element.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    only once per element, so in contrast its 1 id on the page for that element.
    10. What is a class? 
    a class is an attribute that specifies or reference to an HTML element.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    classes are added to div, section mainly.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    you can use the same class on a page to multiple elements.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    <a href="https://new.link" target="_blank"></a>
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    its the alternate text describing the element.
    15. How do I reference an id?
    if meaning the reference in CSS then you need to add # for linking the ID.
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    section is the grouping of the elements within its reference while div can be used for multiple purposes such as title attributes.
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    cascading style sheet which is for styling HTML markups.
    18. How do we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    h2 {}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    class is called using . and id is called using #, we can use ID to override the parent element in CSS and give it a format.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    .class
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    .human p {}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    its selecting a specific element within the parent element or section to alternate.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    .sidebar a {}
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    a keyword added to the selector to specify a special state, example .class h1:hover {}.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-height: 20px;
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing: 20px;
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform: uppercase;
    text-transform: lowercase;
    text-transform: capitalize;
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    border: 1px dotted black;
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    * {}
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /**/
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    PWD
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    git rm
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    to keep up track of changes and updates to your repository.
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    with every change done or every 20 minutes.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push -u origin 'repository'
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    1. cd desktop
    2. cd lambdaassignments
    3. git clone "assignment SSH link"
    4. code .
    5. git checkout -b "repository to switch to if needed"
    6. git add .
    7. git commit -m "i updated it, yepeeeeeeeeeee"
    8. git push -u origin "repository-name"

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    inline is defining the same block we are targeting while block is starting a new block element.
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    is a position nearest to its ancestor.
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 



   --> 